_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: minsik.jpg
  image_cicular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: 

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hello!

I am a first-year Ph.D. student at [MIT Chemistry](https://chemistry.mit.edu/). My Ph.D. program is supported by the [MIT Presidential Fellowship](https://web.mit.edu/provost/presfellow/) and the [Kwanjeong Fellowship](http://ikef.or.kr/). My interests are in computational chemistry, specifically in quantum embedding methods.

I completed my undergraduate education at [Brown University](https://www.brown.edu), where I graduated with Honors in Chemical Physics and with a *magna cum laude*. My research advisor was [Professor Brenda Rubenstein](https://www.brown.edu/research/labs/rubenstein/home), with whom I studied the group's Finite-Temperature Auxiliary Field Quantum Monte Carlo (FT-AFQMC) method on transition metals.

A list of organizations (and their locations) that I have previously engaged with, which I fully describe the experience in my CV for practical reasons, are as follows:

[//]: # "TODO: Add link to CV above"

- [Center for Computation and Visualization (CCV)](https://ccv.brown.edu/) @ Brown University, Providence RI
- The [Gagliardi Group](https://gagliardigroup.uchicago.edu/) @ University of Chicago, Chicago IL
- [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2020/projects/6654533616271360)
- The [Martin Group](https://www.compchem.me/) @ Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel
- [Eighth US Army](https://8tharmy.korea.army.mil) through the [KATUSA](https://8tharmy.korea.army.mil/site/about/katusa-soldier-program.asp) Program

Commit message:

Add link to cv page on about page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: minsik.jpg
  image_cicular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: 

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hello!

I am a first-year Ph.D. student at [MIT Chemistry](https://chemistry.mit.edu/). My Ph.D. program is supported by the [MIT Presidential Fellowship](https://web.mit.edu/provost/presfellow/) and the [Kwanjeong Fellowship](http://ikef.or.kr/). My interests are in computational chemistry, specifically in quantum embedding methods.

I completed my undergraduate education at [Brown University](https://www.brown.edu), where I graduated with Honors in Chemical Physics and with a *magna cum laude*. My research advisor was [Professor Brenda Rubenstein](https://www.brown.edu/research/labs/rubenstein/home), with whom I studied the group's Finite-Temperature Auxiliary Field Quantum Monte Carlo (FT-AFQMC) method on transition metals.

A list of organizations that I have previously engaged with is included below. Please refer to my [CV]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link _pages/cv.md %}) for more details.

- [Center for Computation and Visualization (CCV)](https://ccv.brown.edu/) @ Brown University, Providence RI
- The [Gagliardi Group](https://gagliardigroup.uchicago.edu/) @ University of Chicago, Chicago IL
- [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2020/projects/6654533616271360)
- The [Martin Group](https://www.compchem.me/) @ Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel
- [Eighth US Army](https://8tharmy.korea.army.mil) through the [KATUSA](https://8tharmy.korea.army.mil/site/about/katusa-soldier-program.asp) Program
